TINY-6448: We now handle Pre-blocks as we should. (#6090)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

Version 5.5.1 (TBD)
    Fixed pressing the down key near the end of a document incorrectly raising an exception #TINY-6471
    Fixed incorrect Typescript types for the `Tools` API #TINY-6475

>     Fixed issue where spaces were not preserved from pre-blocks when getting content #TINY-6448

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed an issue where spaces were not preserved in pre-blocks when getting text content #TINY-6448
```
